tutorials my-first-widget: Add pydantic models, hints and some minor improvements. (#396)
ewoks-kit/ewoksorange: doc/tutorials/my_first_widget/starting.rst

.. code-block:: python

    import numpy
    from ewokscore.model import BaseInputModel, BaseOutputModel
    from ewokscore.task import Task

    class InputModel(BaseInputModel):
        data: numpy.ndarray
        """data to rescale"""
        percentiles: tuple[float, float]
        """percentiles to use for rescaling, must be a tuple of two values (p_min, p_max) with p_min <= p_max"""

    class OutputModel(BaseOutputModel):
        data: numpy.ndarray

>         """rescaled data"""

Reviewer: Could we do a literal include of the `clipdata.py` file to avoid repetition?

Author: ac76dcd911b20f3d550f1e78dac8e86817cdae58 does it

            )

.. note::
    
    While ``input_model`` and ``output_model`` are optional, using them ensures type consistency and improves integration with Orange (allows link type data checking for example).
    For this tutorial, assume they are defined.

.. hint::

>     For simplicity, this tutorial keeps models in the same file as the task. For complex projects please consider defining them in a dedicated file (e.g., ``my_project.models.clip_data``) and import them.

Reviewer: I would not add these here. When following a tutorial, the reader should focus on the task at hand and little hints like this are distractions: https://diataxis.fr/tutorials/#ignore-options-and-alternatives

These hints could be added to the new `more_hints` page

Author: I don't really agree because it present it when we present the models which IMO makes more sense. Maybe we could have a third opinion to see where to split :innocent:

Reviewer: Yeah, this is typically why I asked for another opinion :smile:

Reviewer 2: No need for this hint. That's just basic python practices. In addition I have never seen anyone define their models in another file as the task.

Reviewer 2: As for the note

> ``input_model`` and ``output_model`` are optional

You either provide inputs_names/output_names or input_model/output_model. So in that respect it is not optional. It is just the preferred way for Orange because it declares parameter types which aids users when making links.

Author: Ok so I remove this hint.
For the record I started to add model in a dedicated `models` module because they can become a bit large sometime.

.. hint::

    * `l1`\: import of the required base class for the widget.
    * `l2`\: import of the task to bind with the widget.
    * `l4`\: OW stand for Orange Widget.
    * `l5`\: inheritance with the ewoks orange widget.

>     * `l6`\: definition of the ewoks task to bind. This is usually given with the full module path. For example if `RescaleDataTask` is saved in `my_project.tasks.rescale` the value would be `my_project.tasks.rescale.RescaleDataTask`.

Reviewer 2: The technical term for this is the "python full qualifier name" of the Ewoks task class.

Author: ed42e627e6f4427d0b8189590031a94024b22cdb

.. hint::

    * `l1`\: import of the required base class for the widget.
    * `l2`\: import of the task to bind with the widget.
    * `l4`\: OW stand for Orange Widget.
    * `l5`\: inheritance with the ewoks orange widget.
    * `l6`\: definition of the ewoks task to bind. This is usually given with the full module path. For example if `RescaleDataTask` is saved in `my_project.tasks.rescale` the value would be `my_project.tasks.rescale.RescaleDataTask`.
    * `l8`\: the name of the widget (will be displayed in the canvas).

>     * `l9`\: id from the orange point of view. It should be constant with time to make insure workflow compatibility.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * `l9`\: id from the orange point of view. It should be constant with time to ensure workflow compatibility.
```
